--- COURT CRAFT DIARY ENTRIES EXPORT ---

Entry #1
Date: 2025-11-23
Opponent's Name: Luis Hook
Your Level: 0
Opponent's Level: 0
Game Scores: 2/1
Length and Width: I thought that my length and width was not so good in the first game, I was hitting to hard meaning it was loose and coming off the back wall, It was way better in my 2nd and 3rd as I hit softer my length would die in the back and was tight putting good pressure on him. My width was alright, it was pretty scattered to be fair, as I hit some into the T zone and some super wide, Low and hard works well,
Height and Pace Variation: My height was ok, I didn't really use it but when I did it was super effective, but don't use it too much pr he will volley kill it. My pace was well to fast in the 1st game, I was cracking the ball and had no control over the shots, Inbthe 2nd and 3rd game my pace was amazing, I had control over the shots and where he went with the pace, it also died and was tight which made his shots spill.
T Position Control: My control wasn't good in the first game I had no T position and I was non stop running, In the 2nd and 3rd game I was having a party on the T, I had all the control and was getting the shots hit to me
Movement Quality: My movement was good, I thought that I could have down much better lunging and get even lower
Attack Consistency/Variety: My attacking wasn't there in the first game, it was just hit hard away from him. In the 2nd and 3rd game I was actually thinking about where I was placing the ball rather than smash and bash, I had firm and control,
Shot Placement: The first game was just too hard and too loose which cost me, no hitting to space what so ever. In the 2nd and 3rd game I actually thought where I was hitting the ball and was hitting to space really well.
Opponent's Strengths: He is very strong, fast, good up front, good length, good pace, gets everything,
Opponent's Weaknesses: didn't play to much short, tight shots and length, had him behind me and take it in short nicely
Overall Summary: The first game was a bunch of bash and smash with no accuracy and length, pace was too much and I was just giving him so much options,

The 2nd and 3rd game was nice control, good length and perfect pace, the tightness was there and that led to him playing a loose shot that I could punish, I didn't play any silly shots, great deception for example go for a drive then it's a drop, or drop and it's a x court, volley alot too that works really well.

I had no decent game plan for the first game
In the 2nd and 3rd game it was so visible the change in game plan which was not to hit the ball hard but to hit the ball firm and tight, which I did that by getting low into the shot, It also was dying length as well,
--------------------------------------

Entry #2
Date: 2025-11-12
Opponent's Name: Tyler Erasmuson
Your Level: 2200
Opponent's Level: 3000
Game Scores: 1/3
Length and Width: My length was good but it hit the side wall to early and was spilling out. The depth was there just a little bit to long meaning it didn't die in the back. 
My width was good straight shots were tightest, my x courts were wide for a long period of the game, but towards the end they were becoming to loose.
Height and Pace Variation: My height was good he is very tall so you have to hit high on the court and I did that well for most of the game others were in his volley zone.
My pace was good, it was a bit too hard and therefore going loose.
T Position Control: I had alot of control over the game mostly in the first 3 games and then in the last 2 he had the control. My T position was great.
Movement Quality: My movement was alright I got to 95% of the shots he played, the rest were not quick enough.
Attack Consistency/Variety: I had a great attack but he would get most of it back anyway so I would have to attack frequently in order to have possession.
Shot Placement: My hitting to space is the most important part of the game as he was tall and could lunge far and get everything back, so I had to tie him up by hitting to different parts of the court.
Opponent's Strengths: Tall, Strong, Gets everything back, Good x courts, Good up the front Good drives
Opponent's Weaknesses: Tall so gets tied up, doesn't warm up so he will be not as good at the start so really take him on then, he gets warm somewhere around the 2nd game, makes alot of mistakes
Overall Summary: 
--------------------------------------

Entry #3
Date: 2025-11-04
Opponent's Name: Dominic Culpitt
Your Level: 2000
Opponent's Level: 2300
Game Scores: 3/1
Length and Width: Length I hit was to long or too short instead of a nice consistent length, It wasn't terrible but it wasn't on my nice dying length. The ball was relatively tight to the wall. My width was good it was attacking hitting the side wall sticking onto the back wall of hitting the nick.
Height and Pace Variation: Height was used a few times and was great, but could be deeper than it was. My pace was way to hard during 70% of the game, but I found a nice pace the rest of the game.
T Position Control: I had control over the T for a good chunk of the match, and was on a good radius of the T zone to according shots.
Movement Quality: My movement was alright I have a good court coverage which is great, My lunging to the ball was great could get lower down and lunge out stronger, I also need to excellerate back to the T so I am clear of my shot because I had a few strokes against me for that.
Attack Consistency/Variety: My attacking was well like I said with the x courts and my 2 wall boasts. I was really feeling him hurting so Hitting away from him.
Shot Placement: Like I said this really was attacking well with this, I thought that I could have hit more away from him
Opponent's Strengths: his strengths were fast, fit, strong, good up front and great length
Opponent's Weaknesses: hits alot of errors
Overall Summary: 
--------------------------------------

Entry #4
Date: 2025-09-12
Opponent's Name: Benji Jeffries 
Your Level: 2000
Opponent's Level: 2400
Game Scores: 0/3
Length and Width: My length and width was not good enough, he was taking it on the volley meaning he was putting pressure on me which made it harder to put pressure on him.
Height and Pace Variation: I didn't vary the pace and height enough and he just took control the whole time
T Position Control: I didn't get onto the t well enough I should have been fighting for the t instead of hanging back cause that allowed him to take the ball in short.
Movement Quality: I moved well to get to the ball but didn't move well to get out of the ball. I lunged for most of the shots.
Attack Consistency/Variety: when I took control, I was able to attack using hard low x courts and drives and use my deception
Shot Placement: I didn't really hit to space much that game I couldn't change my shot selection due to being in the back under pressure 
Opponent's Strengths: strong, movement, shot selection, drops, length, volley
Opponent's Weaknesses: easily gets frustrated 
Overall Summary: get on top of the ball and hit away from him, and play it early
--------------------------------------

Entry #5
Date: 2025-08-02
Opponent's Name: Max Bailey
Your Level: 1500
Opponent's Level: 3300
Game Scores: 3/1
Length and Width:  my length and width was definitely working cause he was getting tired and  when I was getting tired as well My drop shots were going a bit off So , like my length with really good
Height and Pace Variation: My height and pace went well. I thought I was using my pace well and only a few hot shots that went high.
T Position Control: I didn't control the t that much but when I did I had control of the game I put him under loads of pressure
Movement Quality: My movement was good, I thought that I was moving in and out well with lunging to the wall and just getting to the ball.
Attack Consistency/Variety: Thought that my attacking went well i thought that I was attacking when I needed to and defending when i needed to. So I thought that went well.
Shot Placement: Hitting to space went well. I thought that my whole game was basically based on heading away from him.
Opponent's Strengths: His strengths were. He's basically better than me in all the categories for fitness.
Opponent's Weaknesses: His weakness would have been fitness. He was
 getting real tired in the end.
Overall Summary: 
--------------------------------------

Entry #6
Date: 2025-08-02
Opponent's Name: Tanish Naidoo
Your Level: 1500
Opponent's Level: 2000
Game Scores: 1/3
Length and Width: I thought that my length went well and my width went well it definitely was putting pressure on him.
Height and Pace Variation: I thought that my height and pace was good. I could have used my height a bit more. my Pace I thought I should have slowed down the game. Cause he was playing in a high tempo.
T Position Control: My control and t position went well. I thought that I controlled the T 80% of the time.
Movement Quality: My movement went well. I thought that my lunging was going well and my getting back to the t And Getting 2 all of my shots.
Attack Consistency/Variety: attacking went well. I thought that I had In the door a lot of pressure and I thought that was the length that was working.
Shot Placement: Heading to space with well 80% of the time, and it was definitely working.
Opponent's Strengths: He was real, strong, tall big fast and he had good movement.
Opponent's Weaknesses:  just turning around and stuff.
Overall Summary: 
--------------------------------------

Entry #7
Date: 2025-07-20
Opponent's Name: Dan Roach
Your Level: 1500
Opponent's Level: 2200
Game Scores: 3/1 
Length and Width: My length and width was really good. I thought that my length was like dying most of the time.
Height and Pace Variation: My height and width was alright. I thought that I could have varied my pace a bit better and I didn't really use too much height. So I thought I could have done that much better. I was over hittng it a bit.
T Position Control: My control and t position was good. I thought that I had control over all of the rallies and there was sometimes where I didn't have control but I got it back and then my t position was strong.
Movement Quality: My movement was good. I thought that I was lunging well and getting in and out of my shot and I was moving back to the t
Attack Consistency/Variety: My attacking was good. I thought that I varied my shots and put lots of pressure on him when I was attacking and I was winning lots of rallies Cause of my attacking shots.
Shot Placement: I hit to space well. I made sure that I played away from him. And I had lots of different shots that I used.
Opponent's Strengths: He was a real hard hitter and he could crack the ball and he could cross court well drive Well. He didn't have too much drops. At all well, but he did lots of reverse boasts and boasts.
Opponent's Weaknesses: He wasn't very fit and he couldn't really get too every shot.
Overall Summary: 
--------------------------------------

Entry #8
Date: 2025-07-19
Opponent's Name: Mike Drivitski
Your Level: 1500
Opponent's Level: 1300
Game Scores: 3/1
Length and Width: My length and width was good when I used it. I didn't you it enough and instead hit more short and my width was not wide enough.
Height and Pace Variation: My height and pace was going well, I varied the pace well and I used height pretty good.
T Position Control: I didn't have to much t position but when I did I was on my toes and ready.
Movement Quality: My movement was good. I felt that I was getting to all of the shots and my lunging went well. I thought that I could have been a little bit faster to react.
Attack Consistency/Variety: I attacked well when I could forceing him to be under loads of pressure.
Shot Placement: I hit to space well but I could have used it more. My shot variation could have been better so that I could force more mistakes.
Opponent's Strengths: His strengths were x courts and was good at reading the game. 
Opponent's Weaknesses: He wasn't fast or fit he got real tired and he didn't run to much
Overall Summary: 
--------------------------------------

Entry #9
Date: 2025-07-17
Opponent's Name: Gerald
Your Level: 1500
Opponent's Level: 1500
Game Scores: 15/10 15/12 15/4
Length and Width: I thought that my Length was good. I thought that I was hitting dying length and my cross courts where either wide or they were dying into the back wall.
Height and Pace Variation: My height and pace was good. I used lots of height and I varied it. So being like low and hard or soft and high and my pace was pretty good. It was a nice pace that I could put pressure on him.
T Position Control: I controlled t well. Most of the game I was chilling around the t. What's my heels up like on my toes? And like ready for when the ball comes and my t position and control over the whole game and there was a few times maybe where I didn't have control.  But I gained back.
Movement Quality: My movement was good. I was moving and lunging well getting back to the t. I was just moving him around so much that I didn't really have to go too far.
Attack Consistency/Variety: I was. Attacking well, like different varieties of shots that I'd play. i put it away from him. Variations of shots were good.
Shot Placement: I hit the space well. I was really trying to get it away from the whole game and it seemed to work.
Opponent's Strengths: My opponents strengths were probably his cross courts and his drives were rreally hard, but he was pretty good at getting to the front.
Opponent's Weaknesses: He wasn't very fit and didn't really move too well.
Overall Summary: 
--------------------------------------

Entry #10
Date: 2025-07-12
Opponent's Name: Zavier Hanson
Your Level: 1400
Opponent's Level: 0
Game Scores: 3/0
Length and Width: I thought that in the start of my games I was hitting like quite long and abit hard instead of nice and soft shots and slowing game down.
Height and Pace Variation: I thought that my height and pace was good. I thought that I was over using my pace bit too much like hitting it too hard instead of nice and gentle.
T Position Control: My control and t position was real Good i had Control over the whole game except for like a few of the rallies and my T position was all right. I stood around the t, not on it most of the time.
Movement Quality: My movement was good. I was lunging into everything and I was getting to every single shot and I was moving fast and I thought that it was enabling me to put pressure on him.
Attack Consistency/Variety: My attack was good and I thought I put a lot of pressure on him when I slowed it down and actually found my length and like whenever I had the opportunity to hit a low hard cross court.
Shot Placement: I thought that I hit the space real good. I thought that I had a moving around the court all of the time, and it was just too hard for him to put pressure on me.
Opponent's Strengths: His strength would have been good pace.Good length.
Opponent's Weaknesses: I thought that it is weaknesses. Fitness a little better movement and I'm aware of the game like hitting it to space, like hitting it to space, like hitting it to space, like hitting it to space, like hitting it to small and hitting height..
Overall Summary: 
--------------------------------------

Entry #11
Date: 2025-07-12
Opponent's Name: Eamon Gannon
Your Level: 1400
Opponent's Level: 0
Game Scores: 0/3
Length and Width: I thought that my length and width was pretty good. I think it might have been a little bit too wide or a little bit too like not wide and then like my length was quite long, some of it was coming off the back wall.
Height and Pace Variation: I thought that my height and pace wasn't the best. I thought I could have done much better. I kinda just copied him the whole way through and like mimicked what he did.
T Position Control: I didn't have very much tcontrol and position but when I did. I was there waiting for the ball to get there.
Movement Quality: My movement was good. I got to most of the shots, some of it. He just put it away from me and I just couldn't get to it. But my lunge was good.
Attack Consistency/Variety: I thought that my attacking was good whenever I got to. I thought that my straight kill from after making him do a cross court lob was pretty good. I did that a few times
Shot Placement: Getting to space at the right time. It was pretty tough for somebody to hit the space if he was just gonna get to everything and already there kinda.
Opponent's Strengths: His strength were He was strong fast like he was just a whole nother Level to me like just much better at everything
Opponent's Weaknesses: His weaknesses were probably.
 I don't really know. Actually he looked a bit weak. Being a little bit faster, a little bit weak.
Overall Summary: 
--------------------------------------

Entry #12
Date: 2025-07-05
Opponent's Name: Neihana Noble
Your Level: 1300
Opponent's Level: 1000
Game Scores: 15/1 15/8 12/15 15/9
Length and Width: my length went well when I slowed down the game and I hit my targets well I also had great with aiming straight to the opposite back wall and then the ones where it was extra wide
Height and Pace Variation: I didn't really use too much height in the game but when I did it was a bit long my pace variation was used a bit I had great pace when I slowed the game down and when I needed to hit harder it went well but also I started over hitting
T Position Control: my tea position was alright I was most of the time and a meters radius from the tea line into section I didn't really sit on the t- because I was hanging to one side or I was anticipating his shot I was on the team much longer than he was because I had control over the rallies most of the time
Movement Quality: I was moving well A bit slow but I was really trying to clear the shot and move back to the T my lunging was underused I should have lunged better to make it easier to clear the shot
Attack Consistency/Variety: I attacked well getting two or on the ball early to attack I've put him under loads of pressure when I slowed the game right down to find my length which worked well I varied my attacks between going and short and going long but long definitely worked the best
Shot Placement: I selected my shots away from him or very tight to the wall most of my shots were straight across got drives to put the pressure on I played way too many unforced areas and had a few bad shots selections for example I played way too many reverse boasts
Opponent's Strengths: he was strong and moved pretty well he was able to play his good boast and his drops
Opponent's Weaknesses: his length was a little long it's set up for me to pick it up he was unable to do much because he was under pressure so he needs to get a safety shot to get out of that
Overall Summary: 
--------------------------------------

Entry #13
Date: 2025-06-07
Opponent's Name: Samuel Rouse 
Your Level: 1300
Opponent's Level: 1500
Game Scores: 12/15 15/9 10/15 13/15
Length and Width: I thought that my length was all right to start as I progress through the first game it started being too long and short I thought that I was hitting nice dying length my width was good I noticed that it was working well nice and wide and the occasional one being dying length
Height and Pace Variation: my height and Pace was good I used my log maybe five times in the whole game I thought that my height was nice and high and ended up being dying length my pace was used well varying the pace went well I found that I control the pace
T Position Control: I control the team most of the time I think that I was retrieving the ball rather than holding the tea
Movement Quality: I thought that my movement went well I thought that I was getting out of my shots faster than I normally do I thought that I was lending well lunging well
Attack Consistency/Variety: I had lots of attacks my attacking shots were great especially in the first game when all my shots went in the neck ahead of variety of shots I used to attack
Shot Placement: I placed lots of shots away from him dropping and driving I thought that I didn't use this enough
Opponent's Strengths: his strengths were cross courts which wouldn't when the point but put me under lots of pressure and at the front to section where he would win a point from a straight drop but everything else I got he was strong when he played his shot and he has good drives and lots of time would die in the back of the court
Opponent's Weaknesses: he was weak in the back of the court he was a little unfit and slow on court
Overall Summary: I need to develop my body position and my shots because I need to show that I can play any shot in a position where nobody can see that would be what would be played I was too predictable I need to be less predictable
--------------------------------------

Entry #14
Date: 2025-06-05
Opponent's Name: James Seath
Your Level: 1300
Opponent's Level: 1000
Game Scores: 11/9 11/7
Length and Width: I thought that my length and woods were all right and I think that my length was nearly very good just a bit off the target lengthwise my width was working well as he couldn't turn fast enough to play a decent shot
Height and Pace Variation: I think that I didn't play enough height in the game it could have been better when I played it I thought that I would hit to low too low when I played my the lob my pace varied well I think that I played hard and soft well
T Position Control: I thought that I had most the tea control during the game I definitely had him under loads of pressure
Movement Quality: my movement was good I lunged in an outwell I thought that I could have a moved a bit faster though
Attack Consistency/Variety: I used a variety of shots enabling me to attack well input all the pressure on him I could have selected better times to play a shot though I attack well following when I could
Shot Placement: 
Opponent's Strengths: his strengths were up the front where he played many different shots he also was strong with his racket power
Opponent's Weaknesses: he was a bit unfit and wasn't moving to well he wasn't able to get my cross courts
Overall Summary: 
--------------------------------------

Entry #15
Date: 2025-06-05
Opponent's Name: Riley Noonan
Your Level: 1300
Opponent's Level: 6500
Game Scores: 6/11 8/11
Length and Width: my length and width was pretty good I thought that I was just missing my targets a little bit and I was hitting good with but I was just a little bit off my wood was not white enough
Height and Pace Variation: I thought that I could have used my height a bit more and I thought that my pace variation was alright I could have done better with that I thought that I hit some nicely pace and didn't have too much height
T Position Control: I thought that I controlled the T little bit but I thought that he definitely controlled it much more because I was getting his all of his shots because he was up the tempo
Movement Quality: I thought that my movement was quite good I definitely got could have been fast on the court I got to 97% of all his shots
Attack Consistency/Variety: I thought that when I could attack I attacked well and put him under lots of pressure and varying my shots and Pace and varying the tempo of the game I could have done much better
Shot Placement: I thought that my shot selection was pretty good I thought that I could have used it much more and I could have hit the ball away from him more and I could use more shots
Opponent's Strengths: 
Opponent's Weaknesses: 
Overall Summary: 
--------------------------------------

Entry #16
Date: 2025-06-05
Opponent's Name: Ethan Walkley
Your Level: 1300
Opponent's Level: 1400
Game Scores: 2-1
Length and Width: I felt that my length and Woods against Ethan was alright I could have at the start of the game hit longer length that it was because it was quite short and in the occasional not too long which I could have made shorter and I thought that my width could have been a little bit wider that occasional times when I did it so it nice and wide and then there were occasional times where I did lots of loose shots
Height and Pace Variation: my height and Pace variations were all right I thought that I did well playing my height my pace could have been a bit better I thought that I was glued to the same pace the whole time but I could have changed a little bit but my height I thought could have been a bit better instead of onto his racket maybe over him dying links
T Position Control: I thought that I can control the T quite well I thought that I could definitely control it more by getting out of my shots faster and getting back to the Tea really for the next shop faster so then I could control it longer
Movement Quality: I thought that might movement was good I'd like I said with my tape positioning I thought that I could get out faster and get back to the quicker but I got to all of the shots he
Attack Consistency/Variety: I thought that might movement was good I'd like I said with my tape positioning I thought that I could get out faster and get back to the quicker but I got to all of the shots he played I thought that I attacked while I thought I could have varied the pace and used more shots selection I thought that it would have helped me a tech more and then I got on the ball faster and put pressure on him
Shot Placement: I thought that I could have placed my shots a bit better and place them away from Ethan more than I did I thought that I could have used more variety of shots to help me confuse my opponent so I could attack and put pressure on him
Opponent's Strengths: I thought that Ethan strengths were probably up the front cross courts hard straight drives hard folly drops anything at the front
Opponent's Weaknesses: I thought his weaknesses were in the back trying to get the ball outs probably retrieving my shots anything in the back like cross courts drives quick turns deception was hard for him and he wasn't very good at changing the pace
Overall Summary: 
--------------------------------------


